now militants are still holding more
than half the hostages in Secret
locations across Gaza the uncertainty of
getting more family members out alive is
nerve-wracking for relatives in Israel
talks for another ceasefire are ongoing
giving a glimmer of hope but the ordeal
is far from over DW's Ben fulan met a
27-year-old film student in Tel Aviv
Shir havron for whom so much is at
stake it's really hard killed or
kidnapped the unimaginable fate that
befell 12 of Shira harron's relatives
it's been uh hell on Earth for our
family
um since October 7th obviously we um
lived that day every day when Hamas
classified a terror organization by
multiple countries attacked Israel
including the
kabut they killed her aunt two uncles
and one of their
caregivers they then took nine of her
family members
hostage feeling abandoned by the Israeli
government Shir havron turned to Germany
where she also holds citizenship to
raise awareness of her family's
ordeal and we expect Germany to do
whatever it can in every channel of it
she also traveled to Brussels to ask the
European Parliament to help put pressure
on Israel to reach a
deal the fact that we are here is a
desperate act to ask for more
help eight of shir's family the women
and children were released during the
Poor's infighting deal of late
November it was a miracle to see the
people coming back from like hell you
know almost it was amazing it was
exciting it was moving it was
unbelievable it was surreal because it
was seeing them on screen on television
with the rest of you know the people of
Israel and maybe the world you know so
it was a moment a very private moment
that became very public but Taj sham
father of two of the released children
is still in Gaza I think the message now
or our goal now is to keep going and
even though a lot of people are back
there is still a lot of people that
haven't got back and my family got a
gift seeing some of my family back but a
lot of families didn't they're still
sitting and waiting and crying and
shouting and fighting for their loved
ones what's it like being at the mercy
of the world you mentioned public
opinion
um having that that pressure on you
basically I come from a very complicated
uh politically I mean a region and and
we as a family we
are and this is the the hard part we are
people of Peace obviously there's an
occupation in this country and it needs
to end but you know war is not an answer
people are surprised when I'm saying
that I still believe in peace and I want
it because of what happened to my family
but I think it's the only solution and
that my family should be the last people
that are dying and murdered over this
you know crazy political situation and
so are the people in Gaza I identify
with a pain you know I see big families
with so many names like uh erased and
crossed
and and it reminds me of my family
because we have so many victims as
well DW Middle East analyst shaie ranus
joins me here in the studio good to see
you shaie um we know that 138 hostages
are still being held by Hamas does the
Israeli government have a plan to get
them back well if you ask Israeli
officials it's clear to them that only
through pressure on the uh on Hamas via
military operation they managed to get
the previous deal and that's a plan for
getting more hostages out they feel that
they need to push strong in Gaza mostly
now in hanus in the south of Gaza where
uh the leaders of hamas's families are
from we're not sure they're still in in
the Gaza Strip themselves but they're
from so the symbol behind that uh is for
them Pro that's what they assume will be
the only way to get um you know a better
deal or a new deal um to get the
hostages out if if at all you know we
will see serious STS resumed but Israel
feels that military operation is the
only way forward and this military
operation is obviously uh continuing now
now on the southern Gaza Strip is there
a sense amongst Israelis that this
strategy is putting the lives of the
hostages in danger and even more danger
yes there's there's growing concern for
the self well-being of those hostages we
we hear now after the release of of over
a hundred over several hundred dozens uh
we hear horrible stories the conditions
they were held in the danger that they
that they were exposed to due to Israel
operation in the Gaza Street many of
them tell about hearing the bombs being
exposed to first of all they had to move
constantly on the Run trying to save
their lives uh from the bombings but
also D just that are occurring you know
when you sitting in a in a tunnel and a
and a the building above you is
collapsing on your head of course that
also might have an effect on on those
hostages so there is a growing concern
of how the Israeli operation is
affecting the the hostages held in Gaza
uh very much yes and and the family
members of the hostages are saying that
the you know the military is absolutely
prioritizing fighting over bringing the
hostages home so what does the
government say is priority trying to to
to if you hear officials Israel
politicians they say constantly they
have two goals they want to eradicate
Hamas in Gaza in and they want also to
bring back all the hostages what we're
seeing uh that the families are saying
especially now after we hear more and
more testimonies of people who were in
Gaza held hostages they're saying these
two do not work hand inand we either
bring back the hostages right now
because these people have very limited
time the conditions are very dire um and
then we take care of Hamas later um
there's a lot of anger we've seen the
meeting yesterday of the n with the
families over 2 hours they sit together
we've we've heard them uh lash at the
politicians with a lot of frustration
and Madness basically saying you've had
years and years to take care of Hamas
now you need to take care of our loved
ones and bring them home um if you hear
netan speak the and other ministers in
the war cabinet they keep trying to
convince the families these two things
do go hand inand fing Hamas and bringing
the hostages goes hand in hand but we
slowly see a rift going you know uh
growing in among Israeli population
between those who feel like we need to
fight Hamas no matter what and those say
we need to bring back the hostages and
then you know stall a bit with the
fighting because that's the top
priority you mentioned the the intense
anger that is being directed towards uh
the Israeli Prime Minister um from the
families of the hostages mounting
political pressure as well how tenuous
is his position right now well weirdly
enough he's he's his he is a very you
know Israel was in a on a brink of of of
internal Civil War as this happened and
N himself is is still dealing with uh
you know he's his trial is going to be
resumed because he's on trial for you
know uh bravery and so on so he is still
in a very precarious political position
and he is hoping to Galvanize uh the
success in war to get stronger support
but then at the same times as we're
talking about this Rift we are also
seeing very clear division between those
who support Netanyahu and and the cause
of fighting Kamas above all and the more
Lefty Camp also now connected to the
hostages saying let's wait with that
let's bring hostages first uh Nan is
gonna have to gonna have to pay a
political price no matter what he
decides here shaie rosanas our Middle
East analyst thanks so much for that
welcome
shie